c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\RestoreDB.exe.config
c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\RestoreDB.exe
c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\RestoreDB.pdb
c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\obj\Debug\RestoreDB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\obj\Debug\RestoreDB.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\obj\Debug\RestoreDB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\obj\Debug\RestoreDB.exe
c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\obj\Debug\RestoreDB.pdb
c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\obj\Debug\RestoreDB.frmRestoreMain.resources
c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\Utility.dll
c:\users\asiri.somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\Utility.pdb
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Smo.dll
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.ConnectionInfo.dll
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Sdk.Sfc.dll
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.SqlEnum.dll
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Dmf.dll
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.ServiceBrokerEnum.dll
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\StringReader\Resources\spRestoreDB.sql
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\StringReader\Resources\spRestoreFromFolder.sql
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\RestoreDB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\bin\Debug\RestoreDB.application
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\obj\Debug\RestoreDB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Asiri.Somarathne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestoreDB\RestoreDB\obj\Debug\RestoreDB.application
